QUESTION ONE : A Palindrome is a number that reads the same forward as it does in reverse. 
For example, 12321 is a palindrome because it reads the same going from left to right as 
it does going right to left.Most numbers can be made into palindromes by taking the original number, 
reversing the digits, then adding the original number to the reversed digits. 
If that number isn’t a palindrome, then repeat the same process until you reach a palindrome. 
Most numbers can be made into palindromes by repeating this process, but some numbers don’t converge. 
During this process, if the number becomes larger than 1,000,000 and still doesn’t form a palindrome, then return false.

QUESTION TWO : A regular expression to search through a given string with the provided sequence

QUESTION THREE : Provided with a list, return all products of the given list items.


QUESTION FOUR : Provided with a list of values, remove all instances of a given value within that list

QUESTION FIVE: String Compression: Implement a method to perform basic string compression using the counts
of repeated characters. For example, the string "aabcccccaaa" would become "a2b1c5a3". If the "compressed" 
string would not become smaller than the original string, your method should return the original string. 
You can assume the string has only uppercase and lowercase letters (a-z, A-Z).

QUESTION SIX : Get all permutations from the provided list items in the length specified

QUESTION SEVEN: Provided with a list of integers who appear twice and only one appears once, return an 
integer which appears once

QUESTION EIGHT: Given a non-negative integer num, repeatedly add all its digits until the result has only one digit.
For example:Given num = 38, the process is like: 3 + 8 = 11, 1 + 1 = 2. Since 2 has only one digit, return it.

QUESTION NINE: Given an array of integers, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to a specific target.
You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice.
Example:Given nums = [2, 7, 11, 15], target = 9,Because nums[0] + nums[1] = 2 + 7 = 9,return [0, 1].

QUESTION TEN : Given a String, for example '2a3b4c' . Write a method that returns 'aabbbcccc'

QUESTION ELEVEN : Determine whether an integer is a palindrome. Do this without extra space.






